Then I will make you completely despair, right?
Since it is Yang Zhiyu who has reached the military level,
This place is perfect. This Yang Zhiyu,
That would mean that it would take millions of years to go to the bottom of the mountain.
The number of machines requires a little maintenance, but machines are rare.
So how much does a big piece of Yang Zhiyu cost?
Let’s have a drink and apologize. I’m Liu Buyang’s friend.
You dare to touch me, it turns out to be Liu Baoli’s dog.
Oops! What's going on? Do you want to break the team's rules?
Such a young man, do you want to stay in the team because of this useless team?
The Tang family is the thief
I can still cover the sky with one hand and stay here
Wang Kai has to be bored
Do you think anyone can be a stay at home?
What a great name for the family
Even if Zhan can't stay here, it's useless
Wang Kai kneels down on the front of the car
If I go seven times, who will be too much?
If I lose today
Will you just let me go?
Your journey seven times
It’s not that I always lose with so many men
I see it's hidden on your head
It’s better than you to create such a full-blooded woman
I'll let you drive by the sea
What a loud tone
But it broke the rules of gambling
I don’t take the Tianhai Royal Masters Association seriously either.
Can admit mistakes